## GDPR Consent Manager

Ensure GDPR compliance effortlessly with our advanced scanner that meticulously checks your website for cookies, external resources, and security issues. Generate detailed reports for validation and peace of mind. The Consent Manager works in parallel with more solutions developed by GDPR-extensions.com, where you can add GDPR compliant YouTube, YouTube Shorts, Vimeo, TikTok, Google Reviews content elements, and more! For the full solution to work efficiently and for more control over managing your website, you should also install the GDPR Website Manager TYPO3 extension.

### How it Works?

1. **Add Your Website:**
   - Signup to gdpr-extensions.com dashboard.
   - Visit the websites page.
   - Add your website Title and URL.
   - A unique API key is generated for this website, allowing you to connect it to your TYPO3 project.

2. **Scan Your Website:**
   - Visit Consent Manager Tool on your dashboard.
   - Start a new scan.
   - Select the website you would like to scan.
   - Supports multi-site scanning with site map solution or our advanced crawler scanner.
   - A report is generated with the cookies and external resources found on the website(s) you scanned.

3. **Update Your Website Privacy Statement:**  
   3.1 **Install GDPR Website Manager Extension:**
       - Install the extension to your TYPO3 project.
       - This extension supports single and multi-root setups.  
   3.2 **Connect Your Website:**
       - Visit your TYPO3 Project.
       - Edit root page. If the GDPR Website Manager is installed, you should be able to view the “Location Manager” tab.
       - Add a location and dashboard API.
       - Save your layout settings.
       - Your website should be connected successfully to the dashboard.  
   3.3 **Install GDPR Consent Manager:**
       - Install the extension to your TYPO3 project.  
   3.4 **Run Schedulers:**
       - Once GDPR Website Manager is installed, you can successfully run the scheduler “Update Website Status”.
       - Once GDPR Consent Manager is installed, you can successfully run the scheduler “Fetch Cookies & External Resources”.  
   3.5 **Add Content Elements:**  
       3.5.1 **Cookies & External Resources Report:**  
             - Add the cookies and external resources report generated by the scanner on your privacy statement page.
             - Visit the page on your TYPO3 project.
             - Add content element “Cookies & External Resources Report”.
             - Once saved and viewed the page, the report should show on your website.  
       3.5.2 **Cookies Consent Manager:**  
             - Add the “Cookies Consent Manager” content element similar to the workflow above.
             - Consent Manager will allow the users to update their cookies preference whilst using your website.

### More Awesome Features:

- These content elements work in parallel with other cool GDPR compliant content elements developed and published by gdpr-extensions.com.
- We have various GDPR content elements that allow you to add Video, Map, Review content elements to your website while ensuring your users' data privacy.
    - GDPR-Extensions-com - Matomo 2xClick Solution
    - GDPR-Extensions-com - Google Tag Manager 2xClick Solution
    - GDPR-Extensions-com - Youtube 2xClick Solution
    - GDPR-Extensions-com - TikTok 2xClick Solution
    - GDPR-Extensions-com - Google Reviews Slider Localload Solution
